All big hello and in this video I you
tell you about your order site buyincoins
From this site I made an order for the second
once and I can say that this time
the package arrived very quickly for me
18 days, that is, I made the order on March 1 and
March 18 I have carried mailbox
notices it is very fast because
Usually from the Chinese site to me sending
reach about two months
In principle, the order was small 0
let's start the first thing I ordered it
there was such a set of three
packs
it is french nail but in general who what
doing with such here stickers i'm
Basically, I'm doing a French manicure to me.
I didn't like it very much
used 1 tricks great stickers
adheres perfectly to the nails
for a very long time they don’t come off completely and
also easily erased on the nails not
there is no and a white strip all
cool it was all less than a dollar i
I will be very pleased to order them further
The next one I ordered was also
such a set
these are orange tree sticks for
nail art
here 10 pieces they were unpacked
just been scattered on the parcel
in general, they are suitable for moving aside
cuticles either for any drawings
on the nails that is superfluous they are also not
will also be less than a dollar is not worth
Then I also ordered an old Wishlist
and this too
such wonderful daisies
they are cool they are very comfortable and durable
they won't break off won't break in general
super here for comparison show you here i am
I also ordered us to slow down coins
blunder as you see she is with me here
all broken broken at all
strong in general I threw it out
she was worth for
a half dollar for the price
there are as many as five daisies that is very
very profitable a lot of them here I am already here
started painting her daisy very
quite super cool very can credit
I will leave all who will be under video
interesting go
further decorations
I ordered myself such a set but it
as if the set had to be chosen by
Separately, in general, the first is these
that's great earrings like
carnations are very beautiful they are so straight
shimmer especially in the sun shine
and in general, you will not stay
unnoticed but to me they are very
liked so beautiful tender looks
also to these earrings
hanger
I chose the chain here in principle
normal but I also really liked
looks nice with earrings
This turned out to be a set
This is not a chain in yellow
every ornament will happen
the decoration was also worth less than a dollar and
the latter is unfortunately a disappointment
because I already came to the package
such is a ring but but unfortunately it was
already broken i don't know when got her to
the end of the parcel is already here
lay that is whether it was put so
Is that in general I have here and my husband asked
do anything with this ring but
nothing takes the glue solder
also fail because she
massive anyway it will fly off but
like this, she would probably be very beautiful
it looked well, somehow so sorry
Of course the set-up did not work next
even when I ordered it were cilia here
such here false cilia is the first
set principle i like overhead
eyelashes can be there somewhere on the way out or
just indulge in the same cost this
naborchik just a half to
the choice we have in the city it cost everything
at bargain prices
here is such a set as you see i am
already some cilia have used these more
such natural fit for every
day they are very soft to me they are perfect
came under my age in my eye in general
I am very pleased with them looks beautiful
cool overall we also put them
I paint over the mascara later, but in general I
very pleased with the eyes do not scratch
nothing keeps great super and 2
a set of eyelashes like this
eyelashes are more such
evening probably can say so more
thick and you can see that
inner corner of the eye is shorter
cilia and to the outside they are already
longer fluffy cilia soft
I haven't tried these yet
interesting to try also become somewhere
a half dollars cool set iq
Cilia I certainly ordered glue
where without glue here is such a glue in such
I really did not like the packaging
It comes with a spout like this and precisely with
such a closing lid
here 7 grams I hope that I don’t have it
dries at least quickly here
very convenient that he is in such a package
glue cool he absolutely does not stink
nothing good glues in general, I tried
cilia lasted they have a whole
I had no discomfort for a day
so they easily quickly withdrew in general
glue is awesome very much and
The last thing I ordered was here
such are the mittens such a package kines
not now of course not the season but on
next winter
will be useful in general, they are such here
they were just short
dollar 29 cents
I chose with him white gloves in
Basically they will fit
on any hand because they
stretch well here of course
faux fur
here I have not washed them yet and by the way
absolutely nothing to pass well that is usually
chinese stuff stinks something
here are such very nice mittens
fit in principle in the car and so on
phone rummage on street 8 I already
for a long time and these mitten dreamed very much
so soft to the touch
Here is very cool happy left
All the more for such a price not there were on
discount again, I'll leave a link below
these are the girls here it was all my
buyincoins website order hope you
liked this video great
thank you for your attention see you in
next videos bye bye